Add STRRPOS and modify STRPOS functions as per syntax (#12707)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/string.rst

    Returns the starting position of the first instance of ``substring`` in
    ``string``. Positions start with ``1``. If not found, ``0`` is returned.

.. function:: strpos(string, substring, instance) -> bigint

    Returns the position of the n-th ``instance`` of ``substring`` in ``string``.

>     ``instance`` should be a positive number. Error is thrown if ``instance`` is ``0`` or negative.

Reviewer: I would say `instance must be positive` and omit the following sentence.

Author: Done.

    Positions start with ``1``. If not found, ``0`` is returned.

.. function:: strrpos(string, substring) -> bigint

>     Returns the starting position of the first instance of ``substring`` in ``string`` from the back.

Reviewer 2: Maybe using `Returns the starting position of the last instance of ``substring`` in ``string``.`

    Positions start with ``1``. If not found, ``0`` is returned.

.. function:: strrpos(string, substring, instance) -> bigint

>     Returns the position of the n-th ``instance`` of ``substring`` in ``string`` from the back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the position of the N-th ``instance`` of ``substring`` in ``string`` starting from the end of the string.
```
